In this task, you get to know ACCESS, the online exercise submission, correction and feedback tool.

By reading this, you already figured out how to open the first task of the first exercise. Congratulations! Now, we shall go through the elements that you can see in the ACCESS interface, one by one.

 1. On the very left, there's the **Task list**. It shows all the tasks in the current exercise.
 2. Most exercises, like this one, involve source code and maybe some other files. You can see these in the **File Explorer** on the left of this text. There, you can see the **description**, which is the text you're reading right now, as well as a folder **public**, which contains all files pertaining to the current task. In many cases, you will have one file, in this case **script.py**, which contains the source code that you're supposed to work on, as well as **tests.py**, a public test suite. Have a look at these files and then come back here by clicking on "description.md" in the File Explorer. The test suite simply ensures, that the task, even in its unsolved state, is at least minimally functional. Don't worry too much about tests, yet. These will become more relevant in future exercises. Once the due date of an exercise has passed, you will see an additional folder in the File Explorer called **solution**, which will contain one possible, correct solution to the task. Note that there may be many possible solutions for any single task.
 3. Just above the text you're reading now, there are two buttons: **Download**, which allows you to work on the task locally on your own machine, and **Test & Run**. Try clicking on this second button. It executes the public test suite mentioned in the previous paragraph.
 4. When you "Test & Run" the public test suite, its output will be displayed below the text you're reading now, in the tab labeled **Test Output**. In the first few exercises, this should always output "OK", whether you've just started the task, or whether you're working on it. If it's not "OK", then you're probably doing something wrong. In future exercises, the public test suite may contain a simple failing test that gives you a hint for what you need to implement. You may wish to extend the public test suite for your own benefit by writing your own checks regarding the solution you're implementing. In the adjacent tab **Console Output**, the output of the test run will be shown (in this case, the content of the variable `x` is output to the console by using Python's `print` function). When working on an exercise, you will continuously modify your Python script and "Test & Run" your code to check the output, and you can do this as many times as you wish.
 5. On the right side, there's the test and submission panel. At the top, you can see your current **Score**. Below that is the **Submit** button. If you think you got the solution to the task all figured out, click this button. *Beware: you only have a limited number of submissions!* You can see the number of available submissions below the "Submit" button. The submission pannel has two tabs, **Testruns** and **Submits**. Whenever you "Test & Run" your code, a new **Testrun** is created. You can use this feature to go back to old implementations of your solution, for example if you see that your new attempt is much worse than what you had before. The same is true for each **Submission** that you make. For submissions, there's an additional button **Info**, which you can press to get hints on your solution. You will only receive one hint per submission, and it may not reveal all problems in your solution. Finally, there's always a button **Reset**, which will revert the code to its original state, so you can begin fresh. *Important: you may need to press Reset if we change an exercise. In that case, you will find a big red banner indicating that we changed something and your submission counter will be reset. Resubmit your solution if you're confident, edit it, or reset it if necessary.

Now, as the very first task, open `public/script.py` in the File Explorer. You can see that it's a simple arithmetic expression, `1+1` assigned to the variable `x`.

Your goal is to change the arithmetic expression to assign the number 42 to the variable `x`. We don't accept solutions containing `x = 42` as an answer, but anything else should work. Note that you can always "Test & Run" your code, which should always be "OK", since the test simply checks if `x` is a number. Once you think you got the right arithmetic expression, press **Submit**.

You only have a limited number of submissions! If you don't get the expected points, carefully reconsider your solution before resubmitting.
